Brian: What’s up?
You: Hey, Brian, do you have time for a quick chat?
Brian: Sure, what do you need?
You: Well, it’s about the rumors. I know we talked about this earlier in the week,
but it’s unsettling how much false information is out there.
I’m afraid this might jeopardize the future of the project.
Brian: I hear you.
You: So I have a favor to ask. I need help spreading positive information
about the System highlighting all of the progress that’s been made.
Here’s some data on our current progress and expected benefits of the System;
you can see that it will save managers an estimated 2 hours a week
on administrative tasks. This will save us so much time in the long run.
Brian: This is great information! I’d be happy to help you out.
You: Thanks, I appreciate it!